# Overview 

Force field files of the non-standard internal nucleotide fragments generated by the <cite>[PyRED program][1]</cite>.

# Information regarding Quantum Calculations:

_Geometry optimization_

Program 1: GAUSSIAN 1998

Theory level 1: HF

More information 1: Opt=VTight

Basis set 1: 6-31G*


_Molecular electrostatic potential computation_

Program 2: GAUSSIAN 1998

Theory level 2: HF

More information 2: IOp(6/33=2) NoSymm

Basis set 2: 6-31G*

Algorithm: CONNOLLY SURFACE

# Force field files

* `CT-A_m1-c1_m2-c1.mol2`: Force field file of a central thymine fragment containing a decyl-phosphate group. The modification is located on the non-bridging oxygen atom `OP2`.
* `CT-A_m1-c1_m4-c1.mol2`: Force field file of a central cytosine fragment containing a decyl-phosphate group. The modification is located on the non-bridging oxygen atom `OP2`.
* `CT-A_m3-c1_m2-c1.mol2`: Force field file of a central thymine fragment containing an ethyl-phosphate group. The modification is located on the non-bridging oxygen atom `OP2`.
* `CT-A_m3-c1_m4-c1.mol2`: Force field file of a central cytosine fragment containing an ethyl-phosphate group. The modification is located on the non-bridging oxygen atom `OP2`.
* `CT-A_m5-c1_m2-c1.mol2`: Force field file of a central thymine fragment containing an ethyl-phosphate group. The modification is located on the non-bridging oxygen atom `OP1`.
* `CT-A_m5-c1_m4-c1.mol2`: Force field file of a central cytosine fragment containing an ethyl-phosphate group. The modification is located on the non-bridging oxygen atom `OP1`.
* `CT-A_m6-c1_m2-c1.mol2`: Force field file of a central thymine fragment containing a decyl-phosphate group. The modification is located on the non-bridging oxygen atom `OP1`.
* `CT-A_m6-c1_m4-c1.mol2`: Force field file of a central cytosine fragment containing a decyl-phosphate group. The modification is located on the non-bridging oxygen atom `OP1`.

[1]: https://upjv.q4md-forcefieldtools.org/REDServer-Development/
